Now that we have all of the data that we need in order to render our timeline,
the next thing we need to do is actually build out
the UI inside of our components to do that.
So, back inside of our terminal,
what we need to do is we are going to be using a few different icons here for this heart,
as well as this reply icon.
So, what we will do is we want to install a new package from MPM called react-icons.
Once that's finished, go ahead and restart your application,
and then head back over here.
We now need to import them.
So I'm just going to paste these. So, we're getting an ArrowBackOutline.
We're also getting a HeartOutline,
as well as a HeartFullOutline.
So, technically, we have three different icons here: one for the reply,
one for the heart that is filled in,
and the other for the heart that is not filled in.
So, now that we have those,
let's go ahead and start building out the UI of our tweet component here.
So, first let's destructure all of the different properties that we will need.
We'll grab the name of the tweet's author,
as well as their avatar,
the timestamp of the tweet, the text,
if the author has liked it,
how many likes and replies it has,
as well as its ID,
and if it has a parent Tweet that it is replying to.
All of those are going to come from tweet,
which we have right here coming from props.
Then, now the first thing we want to render is an image.
We want to pass it our avatar.
We'll give it an alt tag of avatar of,
and then we will say name, and then last we want to give this a className of avatar.
Now what we should see is we now have everybody's avatar.
So, the next thing we want to render is this information right here.
So what we will do is let's make another div here.
We'll give this a className of tweet-info, and then inside of here,
the first thing we want to render is the actual name,
we'll wrap that in a span,
then we want to render a div with the formatted date.
So what we need to do is import that helper function,
which is going to be located inside of our helper's file.
So, now when we render this div,
we can say formatDate and we can pass it the timestamp.
Then, now what we want to do is if the user is replying to another tweet,
we want to render this text right here,
and If not, then we don't want to render anything.
So, what we can do is we can say if parent is a thing,
and it will be if, remember down here,
tweets at tweet.replyingTo is a thing,
which means if tweet.replyingTo is a thing,
so if the individual tweet has a replyingTo property on it,
then what we will do is render this button here,
we'll give it a className of replying-to and then the text inside of here is going
to be replying to at the parent tweet.the author.
Then what we want to add here is let's just say
when this function is clicked on, we'll get an event,
and then we want to call a toParent method that we are going to
build passing it the event as well as passing it the ID of the parent.
So, now up here, let's just make a little place holder.
So, what we want this tweet to do is first,
it's going to call e.preventDefault
and then eventually what we will add is functionality.
So we'll say todo here, we want to redirect to the parent Tweet because again,
in our final version of our app,
when you click on this text right here,
what we go to is the tweet for the main parent Tweet that we were applying to.
Then the last thing we want to render here
under our button but still inside of our tweet-info div is just the text.
So, now if we look at our app,
if we don't have any typos,
we are getting there,
closer to the UI that we want.
Now the last thing we want to render is our Reply and Like buttons down here.
So we can do that by rendering another div.
We'll give this a className of three-icons.
Then, inside of here,
the first thing we want to render is our ArrowBackOutline.
We'll give this a className of tweet-icon.
Then we want to go ahead and show how many replies this tweet has.
So we will say if replies does not equal zero,
then what we want to do is go ahead and show this.
So, if the tweet has zero replies,
then we won't show how many has.
So, for example, right here,
you'll notice it has no reply. So we don't show anything.
But this one, we will show the number two because that's how many replies it has.
Then, now that we are showing the replies,
the next thing we want to do is show the option to hearts or to like this specific tweet,
a function here called handleLike.
So, let's do that right now.
We'll build out the functionality for it later.
So, what handleLike is going to do, right now,
is it will just take in an event and call preventDefault on that for now.
Then what we will do later on is make it,
so when you like the tweet,
it saves that information in the state of our redirect store,
as well as our database.
So, now, inside this button,
what we want to say is if hasLiked equals true,
then the component we want to render is going to be our full heart outline.
We will pass to it a color,
which is the red color.
So it's going to be e0245e.
So, very specific there.
Then we'll give this a className of tweet-icon.
Then if the tweet hasn't been liked yet,
then the component we want to render is
our HeartOutline components and we'll also give this a className of tweet-icon.
So we can't forget to add this right here, the closing quote.
So that looks pretty good.
Then the last thing we need to do is the same thing we did for our replies.
So, we will have a span element here.
If we'll say the likes do not equal zero,
then we want to go ahead and show how many likes they have.
So, with that now,
what we should have is the full UI,
as well as the placeholders for our helper methods
that we're going to be building out in a video soon.
So it looks like our CSS is a little bit messed up here.
So let's go ahead and fix that.
What we should have is this info down here,
the information about the name and the text of the actual tweet.
It should be in its own diva and then all of this information,
the tweet-icons container, should also be inside of
this tweet-info and then we need to close the tweet-info div by doing that.
Now the only other change we need to make to our tweet component is,
right here, we have an ID variable that we're grabbing from tweet that we aren't using.
So we can get rid of that. Then, now what our UI should look like is this,
where we have our avatar,
all of the information about the tweet,
as well as buttons to reply and too like the individual tweets.